the staff is a microphone test and
yoga m without microphone to acquire na
free market is I paid around 90
plus the freight gave about 113
to the microphone that has a
value for money is good is a good price one
good quality
the tsl is speaking here record a
test
I see that turning off my electric fence
because the electric fence she was giving
a small little microphone signal
Mic is only connected to the camera.
It has nothing on what is in the making
to give this interference more
always interference electricity
even it 's good to be careful who
will record somewhere such that
may have an electric fence nearby
something is something of energy and
will cause some interference in the
microphone
That microphone I bought him there for
make some video recordings is
in a study I'm riding
here is this studio, i'm going to be a studio
homemade or make some videos some
things and that's why I intended to
that the team is actually aaa
availability to buy a microphone
of the lapel that is the one you are
seeing here I put it inside the
he has a son of four
meters long I still think small
because my studio is going to stay
big is going to have a chrome here and
I need what's a little far
maybe in the future I can then use
one
the boom but in case you start doing
all the recordings with this
microphone I found a microphone with a
very good quality
the video you will're seeing there in
youtube there is a video that has none
editing is editing images do not lie
sound and video editing and that's it
personal is yoga m100 is a great
microphone
You can put some people there to hug.
you